Added MicroProfile Tools (#8)
MicroShed/vscode-microprofile-pack: README.md

* [MicroProfile Starter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MicroProfile-Community.mp-starter-vscode-ext) - Quickly generate a MicroProfile Maven project.

> * [MicroProfile Rest Client Generator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MicroProfile-Community.mp-rest-client-generator-vscode-ext) - Quickly generate a MicroProfile Rest Client interface template from an OpenAPI document.

Reviewer: Should `MicroProfile Rest Client Generator` should be moved to `Developing a MicroProfile project`? Since it is not really creating an entire project, but is just for creating the rest client in an existing project? 

Im also fine with leaving it under `Creating a MicroProfile project`.

Author: I associate the REST Client Generator more with project generation, so I would prefer to leave it under `Creating a MicroProfile project`.

@yeekangc any thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I am fine to leave it where it is for now.  Thanks.

### Developing a MicroProfile project

> * [MicroProfile Tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-microprofile) - MicroProfile language support for MicroProfile properties and Java files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [MicroProfile Tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-microprofile) - Language support for MicroProfile API and properties (via [Language Server for Eclipse MicroProfile](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4mp)).
```
